Contributing: Add caution about using editable placeholders (#3020)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/contributing/markdown-rules.md

> Editable placeholders are only supported in HTML, and are not supported with
> fenced codeblocks.

Reviewer: While I'm at it ... (realize this isn't part of changed content, but ... I tripped over this wording. Several times, in fact ...)

```suggestion
Editable placeholders require HTML markup. They are not supported in pure markdown (fenced) codeblocks.
```
